Make user management commands public (#2542)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: user/enterprise/user-management.md

---
title: User Management Commands
layout: en_enterprise

---

These commands are run via the command line on the platform instance.

## User Information

List basic information about users and their status.

`travis users`  - list every user.

`travis users --active` - list every active user.

`travis users --suspended` - list every suspended user.

## Suspend and Unsuspend Users

Suspend or unsuspend users. Builds triggered by suspended users are blocked by `travis-gatekeeper`.

`travis suspend <login>` - suspend a user where `<login>` is the user's GitHub login.

`travis unsuspend <login>` - unsuspend a user where `<login>` is the user's GitHub login.

> **Please note**: Using the `suspend` command does not restrict access to the Enterprise platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Please note** that using the `suspend` command does not restrict access to the Enterprise platform.
```

Author: This one I would keep to be consistent with the other "Please note" below.

Reviewer: ok

> It removes a seat restriction for an archived user. If a *suspended* user were to log in to the platform, the seat restriction would be imposed once more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It removes a seat restriction for an archived user. If a *suspended* user logs into the platform, the seat restriction would be imposed once more.
```

> ## What determines an active, inactive, and suspended user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Difference between Active, Inactive, and Suspended Users
```

> * Active User: Is a user with a GitHub OAuth token and has not been marked as suspended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Active User: User with a GitHub OAuth token and not marked as suspended.
```

> * Inactive User: Is a user without a GitHub OAuth token and has not been marked as suspended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Inactive User: User without a GitHub OAuth token and not marked as suspended.
```

> * Suspended User: Is a user that has been marked as suspended. They may or may not have a GitHub OAuth token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Suspended User: User marked as suspended having a GitHub OAuth token or not.
```

> ## Sync a User

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syncing a User
```
